another awesome yet hilarious episode of
nanatsu no taizai
my favorite part had to be just the orgy
of Elizabeth breasts fondling and what's
up with Millie oh is this slipping offer
how did he even slip off her panties to
begin with but the entire first 15
minutes was just hilarious with the
multiple hulks and the multiple
Elizabeth's
and Millie honest being a true perv I
just love this guy he reminds me so much
of me and then when we finally met Diane
she is just so jealous of Elizabeth and
is it me or does millio does not show
any emotion at all I mean when he was
locked in guilt thunders electricity
when Diane threw him across the ground
into a boulder he still had the same in
different look on his face it's like he
doesn't give a damn how strong is Millie
Otis really and as much as he loves
boobs I'm surprised he isn't just madly
in love with Diane since she's 9 point
something meters tall I believe and
those things I mean he could sleep
between them and we got what we all
wanted since we saw that awesome spirit
throw less episode Millie Otis vs. gift
under and it wasn't what I thought it
would be because Millie honest was
obviously holding back I mean even when
to get thunder got a legit hit off of
him and drew blood and everything he
laid on the ground and acted like you
know he was hurt and just hopped up and
I guess guilt Thunder let them go
because he knew that he couldn't take on
Mellie Otis right now because he's
obviously just playing with him just to
get some information out of him be seen
and I believe he said something like two
of the sins are being tracked down now
and one of them I believe it was the the
gluttony guy I believe they said that he
died which son and three of them are
still being hunted down they have no
idea what they are so I'm looking
forward to seeing who they are I assume
they're the the floating kid and the
other guy that's in the opening and
ending I cannot wait to see them the
floating kid looks like he's going to be
hilarious so what is guilt under going
to do because he really does want to
kill millio this I'm not sure if he
actually believes that mili artiss
killed his father
because when Milione is told his story
when they walked in he was already dead
and it's not really clear if thunder
actually believes that or not but he
obviously still wants to take him out to
prove it to himself that he's a better
commander than his dad worked I'm very
interested to see what's going to happen
next is he really just going to let them
go does he realize that he's no match is
he going to go back a train is there
something that he could do to instantly
increase his power and then take on
Billy Otis and a later date because I
just kind of find it hard to believe
that he came all this way and did all
this epic shit and it's just going to
leave I mean I can understand kind of
why because Milly oh this is so badass
to the point where nothing fazes this
guy he can just jump up from anything my
question is if Mellie Otis looked like
he does now a kid 10 years ago what's
going on with that wanted poster that we
saw in the first episode why does he
look so much mature and older is that a
fake one a poster so he can keep his
identity a secret is that what's going
on or did he do something to kind of
change his appearance
I don't know but I think it's going to
be tit and/or ass grabbing in every
single episode of this anime that's what
it seems like so far and I am not
complaining but tell me what you guys
think is guilt are there really going to
let them go what's going to happen how
is he going to try to kill Mellie Otis
now that he sees that Milly oh this is
just this badass that doesn't take
anything seriously or doesn't really see
him as a threat I should say and also is
that Diane's only power it's just that
she's big as fuck and can just destroy
shit because if that is that's cool
because that is an awesome ability but
based on Milly Otis is power and stuff
I've seen an opening I would think that
the seven Tennesseans actually have you
know like abilities like kind of magic
and stuff but if she's just big and all
about broad and that's cool too but
anyway tell me what you guys thought
what do you think about Diane's
character what do you think is going to
happen between Mellie Otis and your
thunder it's been doing that yeah
like comment subscribe